[MUSIC PLAYING]
ADDY OSMANI: Here we are back
in our natural environment
next to lifeless
barges and wildlife
that probably hates us.
MATT GAUNT: But it's stopped
raining, so we're all right.
Look on the plus side.
ADDY OSMANI: The two winged
gods are being kind today.
So DevTools, people have
wanted a [? dog ?] theme
built in for quite some time.
MATT GAUNT: No you've
wanted the [? dog ?] theme
so people can ask you, what
DevTool's theme is Addy using?
ADDY OSMANI: Let's picture a
world where that might be true.
Now if you went to
Settings, you could actually
enable such a beautiful
theme under Appearance.
So let's go try that
out and see if it works.
So what that'll do
is it'll instantly
re-theme all of DevTools
and device mode,
as with the build that
we're using today.
So you can go, and you can check
out all the different panels.
We can try out recording
timeline stuff, just
to see how well this
looks on different panes.
So here we can see
timeline looks great.
You can do all your screen
shot stuff, looks good.
Resources, sources
panel, network, profiles,
all this stuff
has been optimized
to look really good
with this theme.
So it's kind of neat.
People should
maybe check it out.
MATT GAUNT: So one
of the other things
that's recently been
added to DevTools
is the security panel,
which is much more exciting.
ADDY OSMANI: Questionably
more exciting.
MATT GAUNT: More important.
ADDY OSMANI: Questionably
more important.
MATT GAUNT: So basically what
the security panel will do
is if you've got
[? HBS ?] for your site,
and everything's fine, there's
literally no reason you really
need to go here, because for the
most part, you should be fine.
But if you've got
something wrong
with your site, like this one,
where it served the [? HBS, ?]
but it's not the red padlock
or the green padlock.
It's the usual piece of paper.
The security panel will
actually tell you why.
So in this case it's
saying, the page
isn't secure, because it's
using a SHA1 certificate.
ADDY OSMANI: Just
to double check,
you're not on AddyOsmani.com?
MATT GAUNT: No, I
think you're OK.
I couldn't use your
site as a bad example,
despite my attempt.
But it's also helpful for things
like you've got mixed content.
So in this case, we've got
one blocked mixed content.
And in this case, you can
click on the network panel,
and it takes you to
that one resource.
So it's a JavaScript
file that's been blocked.
But it's just basically a
super clean and super nice way
of debugging half the problems,
and it's really useful
if you find that Chrome's
doing something weird.
And you don't really understand
why it's doing what it's doing.
That's the place to go.
ADDY OSMANI: That's cool.
So do you know the
way that on your site,
your site looks really pretty?
I'm kind of jealous, because
your site looks better
than mine now.
But on your site, you've
got a mix of system fonts,
like that people
probably have installed,
and web fonts that you might
be learning from Google
Fonts or somewhere else.
But if you take a look--
[GEESE HONKING]
The wildlife just loves us here.
They're just super stoked
about what I'm going to show.
So here what I'm
going to do is I'm
going to go and check
out the DOM tree view
and select some text.
So here I'm going
to just zoom in.
Installs-- you can see that
we've got this new little side
panel called Rendered Fonts.
And what this will
let you do is see
if a font that's
currently being used
for a particular
piece of UI is local,
meaning it's a system
font, or if it's
been loaded over the network.
So that's a system font.
Here we've got some
other text you've got.
You've been testing a service
worker heading or something.
Title block content,
you with your BEM.
MATT GAUNT: I try.
ADDY OSMANI: You try.
And here we can
see if this one has
been loaded over the network.
So it's just a
nice little tidbit.
MATT GAUNT: I used to use a
Chrome extension of WhatFont
for just exactly this, because
especially if you wanted
a font to load, and
you want to figure out
was it the one that I specified?
Was it the fullback?
Super nice.
I love it.
ADDY OSMANI: So you've
got that built in now.
Another thing I wanted
to show-- so here we've
got getbootstrap.com.
Everyone is familiar with this.
Half the web is built with
this thing at this point.
And I'm just going to
select a piece of UI.
So I've selected the
Download Bootstrap button.
Now over in Styles, if you
take a look-- let's zoom in.
You've got a new .cls button,
and that's basically element
classes.
So what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to click on that.
And what this button has
done is it's actually
gone and plucked out all
the different class names
that I have for this domino.
And this just lets me
go and toggle on and off
different classes.
So here you can see that I'm
able to turn this thing off
from looking like a button.
And this type of
thing is really useful
if you're dealing with
state of any kind,
and you just want to
iterate and play around
with your different classes.
MATT GAUNT: Yeah, the
nice thing with this
is I normally end up just
unchecking all the styles
for a particular class rather
than just do what you've done,
which is disable
the entire class.
So again, that's really nice.
I like it.
ADDY OSMANI: Cool.
So another thing--
MATT GAUNT: Another thing?
ADDY OSMANI: Another thing.
Yeah, this is how I get kicked
off stages at conferences.
Another thing, it's not good.
This is Paul Lewis'
voice memos app.
I've currently got the
DevTools color picker open.
And if you hold over any
color in the color palette
now, what you'll see
is we actually now
show you a whole range
of different tints
for those colors,
which is kind of neat.
So you can see lighter
versions and darker versions
of any of those colors here.
I'm just going to
go and select some.
This is kind of nice.
We actually now show titles
that hint at alternative shades.
So this just shows you
all the different shades
available for a particular
color that you've selected.
It's kind of nice.
Avoids you having to go
back out to yet another Tool
to check it out.
MATT GAUNT: I'm still
trying to find it.
ADDY OSMANI: You'll
find it sometime.
[MUSIC PLAYING]